pdb12e8_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb12e8_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb12e8_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb12e8_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb12e8_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb12e8_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb12e8_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb15c8_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb15c8_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb15c8_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb15c8_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb15c8_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb15c8_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb15c8_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a0q_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a0q_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a0q_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a0q_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a0q_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a0q_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a0q_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a14_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a14_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a14_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a14_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a14_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a14_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a14_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a2y_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a2y_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a2y_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a2y_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a2y_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a2y_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a2y_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a3l_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a3l_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a3l_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a3l_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a3l_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a3l_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a3l_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a3r_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a3r_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a3r_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a3r_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a3r_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a3r_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a3r_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a4j_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a4j_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a4j_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a4j_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a4j_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a4j_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1a4j_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a4k_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a4k_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a4k_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a4k_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a4k_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a4k_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1a4k_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a5f_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a5f_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a5f_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a5f_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a5f_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a5f_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a5f_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a6t_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a6t_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a6t_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a6t_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a6t_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a6t_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a6t_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a6u_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a6u_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a6u_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a6u_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a6u_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a6u_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a6u_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a6v_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a6v_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a6v_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a6v_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a6v_chothia.pdb L3 true
pdb1a6v_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a6v_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a6w_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a6w_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a6w_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a6w_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a6w_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a6w_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a6w_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a7n_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a7n_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a7n_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a7n_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a7n_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a7n_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a7n_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a7o_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a7o_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a7o_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a7o_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a7o_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a7o_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a7o_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a7p_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a7p_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a7p_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a7p_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a7p_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a7p_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a7p_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a7q_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a7q_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a7q_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a7q_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a7q_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a7q_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a7q_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a7r_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a7r_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a7r_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a7r_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a7r_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a7r_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a7r_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1a8j_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1a8j_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1a8j_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1a8j_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1a8j_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1a8j_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1a8j_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1acy_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1acy_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1acy_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1acy_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1acy_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1acy_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1acy_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ad0_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ad0_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ad0_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ad0_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ad0_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ad0_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ad0_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ad9_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ad9_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ad9_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ad9_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ad9_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ad9_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ad9_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1adq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1adq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1adq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1adq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1adq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1adq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1adq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ae6_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ae6_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ae6_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ae6_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ae6_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ae6_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ae6_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1afv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1afv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1afv_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1afv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1afv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1afv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1afv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ahw_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ahw_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ahw_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ahw_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ahw_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ahw_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ahw_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ai1_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ai1_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ai1_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ai1_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ai1_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ai1_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ai1_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1aif_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1aif_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1aif_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1aif_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1aif_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1aif_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1aif_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1aj7_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1aj7_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1aj7_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1aj7_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1aj7_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1aj7_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1aj7_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ap2_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ap2_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ap2_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ap2_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ap2_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ap2_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ap2_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1aqk_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1aqk_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1aqk_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1aqk_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1aqk_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1aqk_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1aqk_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ar1_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ar1_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ar1_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ar1_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ar1_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ar1_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ar1_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1axs_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1axs_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1axs_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1axs_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1axs_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1axs_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1axs_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1axt_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1axt_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1axt_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1axt_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1axt_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1axt_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1axt_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ay1_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ay1_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ay1_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ay1_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ay1_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ay1_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ay1_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1b0w_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1b0w_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1b0w_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1b0w_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1b0w_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1b0w_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1b0w_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1b2w_chothia.pdb FRL true
pdb1b2w_chothia.pdb FRH true
pdb1b2w_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1b2w_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1b2w_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1b2w_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1b2w_chothia.pdb H2 true
pdb1b4j_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1b4j_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1b4j_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1b4j_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1b4j_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1b4j_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1b4j_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1b6d_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1b6d_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1b6d_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1b6d_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1b6d_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1b6d_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1b6d_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1baf_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1baf_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1baf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1baf_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1baf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1baf_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1baf_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bbd_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bbd_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bbd_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bbd_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bbd_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bbd_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bbd_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bbj_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bbj_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bbj_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bbj_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bbj_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bbj_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bbj_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bey_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bey_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bey_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bey_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bey_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bey_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bey_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bfo_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bfo_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bfo_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bfo_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bfo_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bfo_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bfo_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bfv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bfv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bfv_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bfv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bfv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bfv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bfv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bgx_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bgx_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bgx_chothia.pdb L1 true
pdb1bgx_chothia.pdb L2 true
pdb1bgx_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bgx_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1bgx_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bj1_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bj1_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bj1_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bj1_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bj1_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bj1_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bj1_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bjm_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bjm_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bjm_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bjm_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bjm_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bjm_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bjm_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bln_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bln_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bln_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bln_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bln_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bln_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bln_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bm3_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bm3_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bm3_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bm3_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bm3_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bm3_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bm3_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bog_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bog_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bog_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bog_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bog_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bog_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bog_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bql_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bql_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bql_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bql_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bql_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bql_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bql_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bre_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bre_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bre_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bre_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bre_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bre_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bre_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bvk_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bvk_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bvk_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bvk_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bvk_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bvk_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bvk_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bvl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bvl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bvl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bvl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bvl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bvl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bvl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bww_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bww_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bww_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bww_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bww_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bww_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bww_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bz7_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bz7_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bz7_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bz7_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bz7_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bz7_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bz7_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1bzq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1bzq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1bzq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1bzq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1bzq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1bzq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1bzq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1c08_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1c08_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1c08_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1c08_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1c08_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1c08_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1c08_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1c12_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1c12_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1c12_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1c12_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1c12_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1c12_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1c12_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1c1e_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1c1e_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1c1e_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1c1e_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1c1e_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1c1e_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1c1e_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1c5b_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1c5b_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1c5b_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1c5b_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1c5b_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1c5b_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1c5b_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1c5c_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1c5c_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1c5c_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1c5c_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1c5c_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1c5c_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1c5c_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1c5d_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1c5d_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1c5d_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1c5d_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1c5d_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1c5d_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1c5d_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cbv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cbv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cbv_chothia.pdb L1 true
pdb1cbv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cbv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cbv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cbv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ce1_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ce1_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ce1_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ce1_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ce1_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ce1_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ce1_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cf8_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cf8_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cf8_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1cf8_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cf8_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cf8_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cf8_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cfn_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cfn_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cfn_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1cfn_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cfn_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cfn_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cfn_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cfq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cfq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cfq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1cfq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cfq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cfq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cfq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cfs_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cfs_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cfs_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1cfs_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cfs_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cfs_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cfs_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cft_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cft_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cft_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1cft_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cft_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cft_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cft_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cfv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cfv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cfv_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1cfv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cfv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cfv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cfv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cgs_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cgs_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cgs_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1cgs_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cgs_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cgs_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cgs_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cic_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cic_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cic_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1cic_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cic_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cic_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cic_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ck0_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ck0_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ck0_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ck0_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ck0_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ck0_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ck0_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cl7_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cl7_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cl7_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1cl7_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cl7_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cl7_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cl7_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1clo_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1clo_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1clo_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1clo_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1clo_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1clo_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1clo_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cly_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cly_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cly_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1cly_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cly_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cly_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cly_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1clz_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1clz_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1clz_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1clz_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1clz_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1clz_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1clz_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cr9_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cr9_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cr9_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1cr9_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cr9_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cr9_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cr9_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ct8_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ct8_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ct8_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ct8_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ct8_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ct8_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ct8_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cu4_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cu4_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cu4_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1cu4_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cu4_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cu4_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cu4_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1cz8_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1cz8_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1cz8_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1cz8_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1cz8_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1cz8_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1cz8_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1d5b_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1d5b_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1d5b_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1d5b_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1d5b_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1d5b_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1d5b_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1d5i_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1d5i_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1d5i_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1d5i_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1d5i_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1d5i_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1d5i_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1d6v_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1d6v_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1d6v_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1d6v_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1d6v_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1d6v_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1d6v_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dba_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dba_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dba_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dba_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dba_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dba_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dba_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dbb_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dbb_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dbb_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dbb_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dbb_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dbb_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dbb_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dbj_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dbj_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dbj_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dbj_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dbj_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dbj_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dbj_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dbk_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dbk_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dbk_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dbk_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dbk_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dbk_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dbk_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dbm_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dbm_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dbm_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dbm_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dbm_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dbm_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dbm_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dcl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dcl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dcl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dcl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dcl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dcl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dcl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dee_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dee_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dee_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dee_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dee_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dee_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dee_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dfb_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dfb_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dfb_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dfb_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dfb_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dfb_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dfb_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dl7_chothia.pdb FRL true
pdb1dl7_chothia.pdb FRH true
pdb1dl7_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dl7_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dl7_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dl7_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dl7_chothia.pdb H2 true
pdb1dlf_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dlf_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dlf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dlf_chothia.pdb L2 true
pdb1dlf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dlf_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dlf_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dn0_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dn0_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dn0_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dn0_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dn0_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dn0_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dn0_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dqd_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dqd_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dqd_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dqd_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dqd_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dqd_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dqd_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dqj_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dqj_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dqj_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dqj_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dqj_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dqj_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dqj_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dql_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dql_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dql_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dql_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dql_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dql_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dql_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dqm_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dqm_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dqm_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dqm_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dqm_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dqm_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dqm_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dqq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dqq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dqq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dqq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dqq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dqq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dqq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dsf_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dsf_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dsf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dsf_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dsf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dsf_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dsf_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1dvf_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1dvf_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1dvf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1dvf_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1dvf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1dvf_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1dvf_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1e4w_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1e4w_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1e4w_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1e4w_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1e4w_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1e4w_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1e4w_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1e4x_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1e4x_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1e4x_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1e4x_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1e4x_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1e4x_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1e4x_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1e6j_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1e6j_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1e6j_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1e6j_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1e6j_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1e6j_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1e6j_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1e6o_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1e6o_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1e6o_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1e6o_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1e6o_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1e6o_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1e6o_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1eap_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1eap_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1eap_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1eap_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1eap_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1eap_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1eap_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1eeq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1eeq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1eeq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1eeq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1eeq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1eeq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1eeq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1eeu_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1eeu_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1eeu_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1eeu_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1eeu_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1eeu_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1eeu_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1efq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1efq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1efq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1efq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1efq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1efq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1efq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1egj_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1egj_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1egj_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1egj_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1egj_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1egj_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1egj_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ehl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ehl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ehl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ehl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ehl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ehl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ehl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ejo_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ejo_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ejo_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ejo_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ejo_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ejo_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ejo_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ek3_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ek3_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ek3_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ek3_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ek3_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ek3_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ek3_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1emt_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1emt_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1emt_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1emt_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1emt_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1emt_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1emt_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1eo8_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1eo8_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1eo8_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1eo8_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1eo8_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1eo8_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1eo8_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1etz_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1etz_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1etz_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1etz_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1etz_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1etz_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1etz_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ezv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ezv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ezv_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ezv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ezv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ezv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ezv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1f11_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1f11_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1f11_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1f11_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1f11_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1f11_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1f11_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1f4w_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1f4w_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1f4w_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1f4w_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1f4w_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1f4w_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1f4w_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1f4x_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1f4x_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1f4x_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1f4x_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1f4x_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1f4x_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1f4x_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1f4y_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1f4y_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1f4y_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1f4y_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1f4y_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1f4y_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1f4y_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1f58_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1f58_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1f58_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1f58_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1f58_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1f58_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1f58_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1f6l_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1f6l_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1f6l_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1f6l_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1f6l_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1f6l_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1f6l_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1f8t_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1f8t_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1f8t_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1f8t_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1f8t_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1f8t_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1f8t_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1f90_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1f90_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1f90_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1f90_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1f90_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1f90_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1f90_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fai_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fai_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fai_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fai_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fai_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fai_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fai_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fbi_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fbi_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fbi_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fbi_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fbi_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fbi_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fbi_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fdl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fdl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fdl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fdl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fdl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fdl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fdl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fe8_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fe8_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fe8_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fe8_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fe8_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fe8_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fe8_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fgn_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fgn_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fgn_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fgn_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fgn_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fgn_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fgn_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fgv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fgv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fgv_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fgv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fgv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fgv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fgv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fig_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fig_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fig_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fig_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fig_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fig_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fig_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fj1_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fj1_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fj1_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fj1_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fj1_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fj1_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fj1_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fl3_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fl3_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fl3_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fl3_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fl3_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fl3_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fl3_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fl5_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fl5_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fl5_chothia.pdb L1 true
pdb1fl5_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fl5_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fl5_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fl5_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fl6_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fl6_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fl6_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fl6_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fl6_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fl6_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fl6_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fn4_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fn4_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fn4_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fn4_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fn4_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fn4_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fn4_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fns_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fns_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fns_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fns_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fns_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fns_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fns_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1for_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1for_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1for_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1for_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1for_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1for_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1for_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fpt_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fpt_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fpt_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fpt_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fpt_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fpt_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fpt_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1frg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1frg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1frg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1frg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1frg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1frg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1frg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fsk_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fsk_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fsk_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fsk_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fsk_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fsk_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fsk_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fvc_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fvc_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fvc_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fvc_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fvc_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fvc_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fvc_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fvd_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fvd_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fvd_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fvd_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fvd_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fvd_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fvd_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1fve_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1fve_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1fve_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1fve_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1fve_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1fve_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1fve_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1g7h_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1g7h_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1g7h_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1g7h_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1g7h_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1g7h_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1g7h_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1g7i_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1g7i_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1g7i_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1g7i_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1g7i_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1g7i_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1g7i_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1g7m_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1g7m_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1g7m_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1g7m_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1g7m_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1g7m_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1g7m_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1g9m_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1g9m_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1g9m_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1g9m_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1g9m_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1g9m_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1g9m_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1g9n_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1g9n_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1g9n_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1g9n_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1g9n_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1g9n_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1g9n_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1gaf_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1gaf_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1gaf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1gaf_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1gaf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1gaf_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1gaf_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1gc1_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1gc1_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1gc1_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1gc1_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1gc1_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1gc1_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1gc1_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ggb_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ggb_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ggb_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ggb_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ggb_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ggb_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ggb_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ggc_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ggc_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ggc_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ggc_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ggc_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ggc_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ggc_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ggi_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ggi_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ggi_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ggi_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ggi_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ggi_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ggi_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1gig_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1gig_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1gig_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1gig_chothia.pdb L2 true
pdb1gig_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1gig_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1gig_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1gpo_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1gpo_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1gpo_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1gpo_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1gpo_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1gpo_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1gpo_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1h0d_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1h0d_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1h0d_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1h0d_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1h0d_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1h0d_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1h0d_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1h3p_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1h3p_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1h3p_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1h3p_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1h3p_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1h3p_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1h3p_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1h8n_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1h8n_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1h8n_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1h8n_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1h8n_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1h8n_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1h8n_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1h8o_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1h8o_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1h8o_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1h8o_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1h8o_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1h8o_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1h8o_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1h8s_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1h8s_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1h8s_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1h8s_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1h8s_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1h8s_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1h8s_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1hez_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1hez_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1hez_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1hez_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1hez_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1hez_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1hez_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1hh6_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1hh6_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1hh6_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1hh6_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1hh6_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1hh6_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1hh6_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1hh9_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1hh9_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1hh9_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1hh9_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1hh9_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1hh9_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1hh9_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1hi6_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1hi6_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1hi6_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1hi6_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1hi6_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1hi6_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1hi6_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1hil_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1hil_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1hil_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1hil_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1hil_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1hil_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1hil_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1him_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1him_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1him_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1him_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1him_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1him_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1him_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1hin_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1hin_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1hin_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1hin_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1hin_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1hin_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1hin_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1hkl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1hkl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1hkl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1hkl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1hkl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1hkl_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1hkl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1hq4_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1hq4_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1hq4_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1hq4_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1hq4_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1hq4_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1hq4_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1hys_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1hys_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1hys_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1hys_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1hys_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1hys_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1hys_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1hzh_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1hzh_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1hzh_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1hzh_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1hzh_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1hzh_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1hzh_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1i3g_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1i3g_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1i3g_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1i3g_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1i3g_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1i3g_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1i3g_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1i3u_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1i3u_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1i3u_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1i3u_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1i3u_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1i3u_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1i3u_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1i3v_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1i3v_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1i3v_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1i3v_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1i3v_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1i3v_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1i3v_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1i7z_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1i7z_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1i7z_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1i7z_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1i7z_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1i7z_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1i7z_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1i8i_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1i8i_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1i8i_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1i8i_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1i8i_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1i8i_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1i8i_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1i8k_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1i8k_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1i8k_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1i8k_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1i8k_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1i8k_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1i8k_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1i8m_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1i8m_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1i8m_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1i8m_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1i8m_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1i8m_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1i8m_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1i9i_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1i9i_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1i9i_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1i9i_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1i9i_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1i9i_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1i9i_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1i9j_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1i9j_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1i9j_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1i9j_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1i9j_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1i9j_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1i9j_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1i9r_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1i9r_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1i9r_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1i9r_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1i9r_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1i9r_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1i9r_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1iai_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1iai_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1iai_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1iai_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1iai_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1iai_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1iai_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ibg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ibg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ibg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ibg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ibg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ibg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ibg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ic4_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ic4_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ic4_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ic4_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ic4_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ic4_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ic4_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ic5_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ic5_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ic5_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ic5_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ic5_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ic5_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ic5_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ic7_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ic7_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ic7_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ic7_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ic7_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ic7_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ic7_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ifh_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ifh_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ifh_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ifh_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ifh_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ifh_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ifh_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1iga_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1iga_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1iga_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1iga_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1iga_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1iga_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1iga_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1igc_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1igc_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1igc_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1igc_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1igc_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1igc_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1igc_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1igf_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1igf_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1igf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1igf_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1igf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1igf_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1igf_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1igi_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1igi_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1igi_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1igi_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1igi_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1igi_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1igi_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1igj_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1igj_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1igj_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1igj_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1igj_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1igj_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1igj_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1igm_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1igm_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1igm_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1igm_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1igm_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1igm_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1igm_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1igt_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1igt_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1igt_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1igt_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1igt_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1igt_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1igt_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1igy_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1igy_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1igy_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1igy_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1igy_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1igy_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1igy_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ikf_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ikf_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ikf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ikf_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ikf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ikf_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ikf_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1il1_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1il1_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1il1_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1il1_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1il1_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1il1_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1il1_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ind_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ind_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ind_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ind_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ind_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ind_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ind_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ine_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ine_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ine_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ine_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ine_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ine_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ine_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1iqd_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1iqd_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1iqd_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1iqd_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1iqd_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1iqd_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1iqd_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1iqw_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1iqw_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1iqw_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1iqw_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1iqw_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1iqw_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1iqw_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1it9_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1it9_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1it9_chothia.pdb L1 true
pdb1it9_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1it9_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1it9_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1it9_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ivl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ivl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ivl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ivl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ivl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ivl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ivl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1j05_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1j05_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1j05_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1j05_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1j05_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1j05_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1j05_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1j1o_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1j1o_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1j1o_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1j1o_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1j1o_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1j1o_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1j1o_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1j1p_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1j1p_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1j1p_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1j1p_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1j1p_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1j1p_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1j1p_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1j1x_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1j1x_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1j1x_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1j1x_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1j1x_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1j1x_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1j1x_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1j5o_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1j5o_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1j5o_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1j5o_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1j5o_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1j5o_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1j5o_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jfq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jfq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jfq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jfq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jfq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jfq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jfq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jgu_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jgu_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jgu_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jgu_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jgu_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jgu_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jgu_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jgv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jgv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jgv_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jgv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jgv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jgv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jgv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jhl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jhl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jhl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jhl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jhl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jhl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jhl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jn6_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jn6_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jn6_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jn6_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jn6_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jn6_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jn6_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jnh_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jnh_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jnh_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jnh_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jnh_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jnh_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jnh_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jnl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jnl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jnl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jnl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jnl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jnl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jnl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jnn_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jnn_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jnn_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jnn_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jnn_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jnn_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jnn_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jps_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jps_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jps_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jps_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jps_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jps_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jps_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jpt_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jpt_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jpt_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jpt_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jpt_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jpt_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jpt_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jrh_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jrh_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jrh_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jrh_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jrh_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jrh_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jrh_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jto_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jto_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jto_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jto_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jto_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jto_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jto_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jtp_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jtp_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jtp_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jtp_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jtp_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jtp_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jtp_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jtt_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jtt_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jtt_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jtt_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jtt_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jtt_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jtt_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1jvk_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1jvk_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1jvk_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1jvk_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1jvk_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1jvk_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1jvk_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1k4c_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1k4c_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1k4c_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1k4c_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1k4c_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1k4c_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1k4c_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1k4d_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1k4d_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1k4d_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1k4d_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1k4d_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1k4d_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1k4d_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1k6q_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1k6q_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1k6q_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1k6q_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1k6q_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1k6q_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1k6q_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kb5_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kb5_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kb5_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kb5_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kb5_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kb5_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kb5_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kc5_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kc5_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kc5_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kc5_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kc5_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kc5_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kc5_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kcr_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kcr_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kcr_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kcr_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kcr_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kcr_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kcr_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kcs_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kcs_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kcs_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kcs_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kcs_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kcs_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kcs_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kcu_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kcu_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kcu_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kcu_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kcu_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kcu_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kcu_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kcv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kcv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kcv_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kcv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kcv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kcv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kcv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1keg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1keg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1keg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1keg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1keg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1keg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1keg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kel_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kel_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kel_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kel_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kel_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kel_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kel_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kem_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kem_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kem_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kem_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kem_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kem_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kem_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ken_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ken_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ken_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ken_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ken_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ken_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ken_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kfa_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kfa_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kfa_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kfa_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kfa_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kfa_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kfa_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kip_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kip_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kip_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kip_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kip_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kip_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kip_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kiq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kiq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kiq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kiq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kiq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kiq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kiq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kir_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kir_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kir_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kir_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kir_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kir_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kir_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kn2_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kn2_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kn2_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kn2_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kn2_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kn2_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kn2_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kn4_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kn4_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kn4_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kn4_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kn4_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kn4_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kn4_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1kno_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1kno_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1kno_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1kno_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1kno_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1kno_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1kno_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ktr_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ktr_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ktr_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ktr_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ktr_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ktr_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ktr_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1l7i_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1l7i_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1l7i_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1l7i_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1l7i_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1l7i_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1l7i_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1l7t_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1l7t_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1l7t_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1l7t_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1l7t_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1l7t_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1l7t_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1lgv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1lgv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1lgv_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1lgv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1lgv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1lgv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1lgv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1lhz_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1lhz_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1lhz_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1lhz_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1lhz_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1lhz_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1lhz_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1lil_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1lil_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1lil_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1lil_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1lil_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1lil_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1lil_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1lk3_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1lk3_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1lk3_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1lk3_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1lk3_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1lk3_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1lk3_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1lo0_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1lo0_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1lo0_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1lo0_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1lo0_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1lo0_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1lo0_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1lo2_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1lo2_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1lo2_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1lo2_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1lo2_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1lo2_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1lo2_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1lo3_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1lo3_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1lo3_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1lo3_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1lo3_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1lo3_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1lo3_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1lo4_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1lo4_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1lo4_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1lo4_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1lo4_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1lo4_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1lo4_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1lve_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1lve_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1lve_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1lve_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1lve_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1lve_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1lve_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1m71_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1m71_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1m71_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1m71_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1m71_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1m71_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1m71_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1m7d_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1m7d_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1m7d_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1m7d_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1m7d_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1m7d_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1m7d_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1m7i_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1m7i_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1m7i_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1m7i_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1m7i_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1m7i_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1m7i_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mam_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mam_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mam_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mam_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mam_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mam_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mam_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mcb_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mcb_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mcb_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mcb_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mcb_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mcb_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mcb_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mcc_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mcc_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mcc_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mcc_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mcc_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mcc_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mcc_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mcd_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mcd_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mcd_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mcd_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mcd_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mcd_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mcd_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mce_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mce_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mce_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mce_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mce_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mce_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mce_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mcf_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mcf_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mcf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mcf_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mcf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mcf_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mcf_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mch_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mch_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mch_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mch_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mch_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mch_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mch_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mci_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mci_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mci_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mci_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mci_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mci_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mci_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mcj_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mcj_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mcj_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mcj_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mcj_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mcj_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mcj_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mck_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mck_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mck_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mck_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mck_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mck_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mck_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mcl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mcl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mcl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mcl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mcl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mcl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mcl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mcn_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mcn_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mcn_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mcn_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mcn_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mcn_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mcn_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mco_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mco_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mco_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mco_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mco_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mco_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mco_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mcp_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mcp_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mcp_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mcp_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mcp_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mcp_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mcp_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mcq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mcq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mcq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mcq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mcq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mcq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mcq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mcr_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mcr_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mcr_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mcr_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mcr_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mcr_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mcr_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mcs_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mcs_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mcs_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mcs_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mcs_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mcs_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mcs_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mcw_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mcw_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mcw_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mcw_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mcw_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mcw_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mcw_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mel_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mel_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mel_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mel_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mel_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mel_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mel_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mf2_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mf2_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mf2_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mf2_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mf2_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mf2_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mf2_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mfb_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mfb_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mfb_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mfb_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mfb_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mfb_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mfb_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mfc_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mfc_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mfc_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mfc_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mfc_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mfc_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mfc_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mfd_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mfd_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mfd_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mfd_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mfd_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mfd_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mfd_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mfe_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mfe_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mfe_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mfe_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mfe_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mfe_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mfe_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mh5_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mh5_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mh5_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mh5_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mh5_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mh5_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1mh5_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mhh_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mhh_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mhh_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mhh_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mhh_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mhh_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mhh_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mhp_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mhp_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mhp_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mhp_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mhp_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mhp_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mhp_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mie_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mie_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mie_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mie_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mie_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mie_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mie_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mim_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mim_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mim_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mim_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mim_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mim_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mim_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mj7_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mj7_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mj7_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mj7_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mj7_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mj7_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mj7_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mj8_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mj8_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mj8_chothia.pdb L1 true
pdb1mj8_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mj8_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mj8_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mj8_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mjj_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mjj_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mjj_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mjj_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mjj_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mjj_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mjj_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mju_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mju_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mju_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mju_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mju_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mju_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mju_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mlb_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mlb_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mlb_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mlb_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mlb_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mlb_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mlb_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mlc_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mlc_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mlc_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mlc_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mlc_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mlc_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mlc_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mnu_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mnu_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mnu_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mnu_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mnu_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mnu_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mnu_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mpa_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mpa_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mpa_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mpa_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mpa_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mpa_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mpa_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mqk_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mqk_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mqk_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mqk_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mqk_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mqk_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mqk_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mvf_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mvf_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mvf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mvf_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mvf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mvf_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mvf_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1mvu_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1mvu_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1mvu_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1mvu_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1mvu_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1mvu_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1mvu_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1n0x_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1n0x_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1n0x_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1n0x_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1n0x_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1n0x_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1n0x_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1n4x_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1n4x_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1n4x_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1n4x_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1n4x_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1n4x_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1n4x_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1n5y_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1n5y_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1n5y_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1n5y_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1n5y_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1n5y_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1n5y_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1n64_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1n64_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1n64_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1n64_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1n64_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1n64_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1n64_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1n6q_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1n6q_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1n6q_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1n6q_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1n6q_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1n6q_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1n6q_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1n7m_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1n7m_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1n7m_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1n7m_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1n7m_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1n7m_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1n7m_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1n8z_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1n8z_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1n8z_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1n8z_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1n8z_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1n8z_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1n8z_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nbv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nbv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nbv_chothia.pdb L1 true
pdb1nbv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nbv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nbv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nbv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nby_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nby_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nby_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nby_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nby_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nby_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nby_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nbz_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nbz_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nbz_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nbz_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nbz_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nbz_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nbz_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nc2_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nc2_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nc2_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nc2_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nc2_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nc2_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nc2_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nc4_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nc4_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nc4_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nc4_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nc4_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nc4_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nc4_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nca_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nca_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nca_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nca_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nca_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nca_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nca_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ncb_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ncb_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ncb_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ncb_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ncb_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ncb_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ncb_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ncc_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ncc_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ncc_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ncc_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ncc_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ncc_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ncc_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ncd_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ncd_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ncd_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ncd_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ncd_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ncd_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ncd_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ncw_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ncw_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ncw_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ncw_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ncw_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ncw_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ncw_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nd0_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nd0_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nd0_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nd0_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nd0_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nd0_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nd0_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ndg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ndg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ndg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ndg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ndg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ndg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ndg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ndm_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ndm_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ndm_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ndm_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ndm_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ndm_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1ndm_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nfd_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nfd_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nfd_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nfd_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nfd_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nfd_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nfd_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ngp_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ngp_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ngp_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ngp_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ngp_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ngp_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ngp_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ngq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ngq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ngq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ngq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ngq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ngq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ngq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ngw_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ngw_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ngw_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ngw_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ngw_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ngw_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ngw_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ngx_chothia.pdb FRL true
pdb1ngx_chothia.pdb FRH true
pdb1ngx_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ngx_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ngx_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ngx_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1ngx_chothia.pdb H2 true
pdb1ngy_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ngy_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ngy_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ngy_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ngy_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ngy_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ngy_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ngz_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ngz_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ngz_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ngz_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ngz_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ngz_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ngz_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nj9_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nj9_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nj9_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nj9_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nj9_chothia.pdb L3 true
pdb1nj9_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nj9_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nl0_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nl0_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nl0_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nl0_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nl0_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nl0_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nl0_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nlb_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nlb_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nlb_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nlb_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nlb_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nlb_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nlb_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nld_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nld_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nld_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nld_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nld_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nld_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nld_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nma_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nma_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nma_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nma_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nma_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nma_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nma_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nmb_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nmb_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nmb_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nmb_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nmb_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nmb_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nmb_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nmc_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nmc_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nmc_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nmc_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nmc_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nmc_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1nmc_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1nsn_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1nsn_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1nsn_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1nsn_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1nsn_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1nsn_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1nsn_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1oak_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1oak_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1oak_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1oak_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1oak_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1oak_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1oak_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1oaq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1oaq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1oaq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1oaq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1oaq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1oaq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1oaq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1oar_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1oar_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1oar_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1oar_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1oar_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1oar_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1oar_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1oau_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1oau_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1oau_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1oau_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1oau_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1oau_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1oau_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1oax_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1oax_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1oax_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1oax_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1oax_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1oax_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1oax_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1oay_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1oay_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1oay_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1oay_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1oay_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1oay_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1oay_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1oaz_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1oaz_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1oaz_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1oaz_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1oaz_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1oaz_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1oaz_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ob1_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ob1_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ob1_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ob1_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ob1_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ob1_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ob1_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ocw_chothia.pdb FRL true
pdb1ocw_chothia.pdb FRH true
pdb1ocw_chothia.pdb L1 true
pdb1ocw_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ocw_chothia.pdb L3 true
pdb1ocw_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1ocw_chothia.pdb H2 true
pdb1ohq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ohq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ohq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ohq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ohq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ohq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ohq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ol0_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ol0_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ol0_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ol0_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ol0_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ol0_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ol0_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1om3_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1om3_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1om3_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1om3_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1om3_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1om3_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1om3_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1op3_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1op3_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1op3_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1op3_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1op3_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1op3_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1op3_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1op5_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1op5_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1op5_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1op5_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1op5_chothia.pdb L3 true
pdb1op5_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1op5_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1op9_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1op9_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1op9_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1op9_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1op9_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1op9_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1op9_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1opg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1opg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1opg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1opg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1opg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1opg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1opg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1orq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1orq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1orq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1orq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1orq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1orq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1orq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ors_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ors_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ors_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ors_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ors_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ors_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ors_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1osp_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1osp_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1osp_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1osp_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1osp_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1osp_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1osp_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ots_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ots_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ots_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ots_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ots_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ots_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ots_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ott_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ott_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ott_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ott_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ott_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ott_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ott_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1otu_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1otu_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1otu_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1otu_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1otu_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1otu_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1otu_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1p2c_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1p2c_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1p2c_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1p2c_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1p2c_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1p2c_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1p2c_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1p4b_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1p4b_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1p4b_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1p4b_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1p4b_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1p4b_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1p4b_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1p4i_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1p4i_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1p4i_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1p4i_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1p4i_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1p4i_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1p4i_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1p7k_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1p7k_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1p7k_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1p7k_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1p7k_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1p7k_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1p7k_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1pg7_chothia.pdb FRL true
pdb1pg7_chothia.pdb FRH true
pdb1pg7_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1pg7_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1pg7_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1pg7_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1pg7_chothia.pdb H2 true
pdb1plg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1plg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1plg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1plg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1plg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1plg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1plg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1psk_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1psk_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1psk_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1psk_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1psk_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1psk_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1psk_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1pz5_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1pz5_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1pz5_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1pz5_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1pz5_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1pz5_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1pz5_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1q0x_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1q0x_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1q0x_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1q0x_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1q0x_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1q0x_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1q0x_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1q0y_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1q0y_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1q0y_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1q0y_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1q0y_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1q0y_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1q0y_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1q1j_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1q1j_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1q1j_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1q1j_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1q1j_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1q1j_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1q1j_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1q72_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1q72_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1q72_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1q72_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1q72_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1q72_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1q72_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1q9k_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1q9k_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1q9k_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1q9k_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1q9k_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1q9k_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1q9k_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1q9l_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1q9l_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1q9l_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1q9l_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1q9l_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1q9l_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1q9l_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1q9o_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1q9o_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1q9o_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1q9o_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1q9o_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1q9o_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1q9o_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1q9q_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1q9q_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1q9q_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1q9q_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1q9q_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1q9q_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1q9q_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1q9r_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1q9r_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1q9r_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1q9r_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1q9r_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1q9r_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1q9r_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1q9t_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1q9t_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1q9t_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1q9t_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1q9t_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1q9t_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1q9t_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1q9v_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1q9v_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1q9v_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1q9v_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1q9v_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1q9v_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1q9v_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1q9w_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1q9w_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1q9w_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1q9w_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1q9w_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1q9w_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1q9w_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1qac_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1qac_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1qac_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1qac_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1qac_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1qac_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1qac_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1qbl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1qbl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1qbl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1qbl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1qbl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1qbl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1qbl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1qbm_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1qbm_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1qbm_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1qbm_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1qbm_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1qbm_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1qbm_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1qd0_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1qd0_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1qd0_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1qd0_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1qd0_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1qd0_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1qd0_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1qfu_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1qfu_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1qfu_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1qfu_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1qfu_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1qfu_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1qfu_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1qkz_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1qkz_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1qkz_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1qkz_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1qkz_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1qkz_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1qkz_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1qle_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1qle_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1qle_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1qle_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1qle_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1qle_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1qle_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1qlr_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1qlr_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1qlr_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1qlr_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1qlr_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1qlr_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1qlr_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1qnz_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1qnz_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1qnz_chothia.pdb L1 true
pdb1qnz_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1qnz_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1qnz_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1qnz_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1qp1_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1qp1_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1qp1_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1qp1_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1qp1_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1qp1_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1qp1_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1qyg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1qyg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1qyg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1qyg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1qyg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1qyg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1qyg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1r0a_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1r0a_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1r0a_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1r0a_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1r0a_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1r0a_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1r0a_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1r24_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1r24_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1r24_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1r24_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1r24_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1r24_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1r24_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1r3i_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1r3i_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1r3i_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1r3i_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1r3i_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1r3i_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1r3i_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1r3j_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1r3j_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1r3j_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1r3j_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1r3j_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1r3j_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1r3j_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1r3k_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1r3k_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1r3k_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1r3k_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1r3k_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1r3k_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1r3k_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1r3l_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1r3l_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1r3l_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1r3l_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1r3l_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1r3l_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1r3l_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rei_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rei_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rei_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rei_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rei_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rei_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rei_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rfd_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rfd_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rfd_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rfd_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rfd_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rfd_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rfd_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rhh_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rhh_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rhh_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rhh_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rhh_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rhh_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rhh_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rih_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rih_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rih_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rih_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rih_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rih_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rih_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1riu_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1riu_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1riu_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1riu_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1riu_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1riu_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1riu_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1riv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1riv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1riv_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1riv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1riv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1riv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1riv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rjl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rjl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rjl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rjl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rjl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rjl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rjl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rmf_chothia.pdb FRL true
pdb1rmf_chothia.pdb FRH true
pdb1rmf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rmf_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rmf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rmf_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rmf_chothia.pdb H2 true
pdb1ruk_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ruk_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ruk_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ruk_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ruk_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ruk_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ruk_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rum_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rum_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rum_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rum_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rum_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rum_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rum_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rup_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rup_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rup_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rup_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rup_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rup_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rup_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ruq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ruq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ruq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ruq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ruq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ruq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ruq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rur_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rur_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rur_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rur_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rur_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rur_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rur_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rvf_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rvf_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rvf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rvf_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rvf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rvf_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rvf_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rz7_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rz7_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rz7_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rz7_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rz7_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rz7_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rz7_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rz8_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rz8_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rz8_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rz8_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rz8_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rz8_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rz8_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rzf_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rzf_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rzf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rzf_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rzf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rzf_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rzf_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rzg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rzg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rzg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rzg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rzg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rzg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rzg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rzi_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rzi_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rzi_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rzi_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rzi_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rzi_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rzi_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rzj_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rzj_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rzj_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rzj_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rzj_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rzj_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rzj_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1rzk_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1rzk_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1rzk_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1rzk_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1rzk_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1rzk_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1rzk_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1s3k_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1s3k_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1s3k_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1s3k_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1s3k_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1s3k_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1s3k_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1s5h_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1s5h_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1s5h_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1s5h_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1s5h_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1s5h_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1s5h_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1s5i_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1s5i_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1s5i_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1s5i_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1s5i_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1s5i_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1s5i_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1s78_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1s78_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1s78_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1s78_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1s78_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1s78_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1s78_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1sbs_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1sbs_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1sbs_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1sbs_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1sbs_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1sbs_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1sbs_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1seq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1seq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1seq_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1seq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1seq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1seq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1seq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1shm_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1shm_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1shm_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1shm_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1shm_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1shm_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1shm_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1sjx_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1sjx_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1sjx_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1sjx_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1sjx_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1sjx_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1sjx_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1sm3_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1sm3_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1sm3_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1sm3_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1sm3_chothia.pdb L3 true
pdb1sm3_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1sm3_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1sy6_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1sy6_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1sy6_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1sy6_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1sy6_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1sy6_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1sy6_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1t03_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1t03_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1t03_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1t03_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1t03_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1t03_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1t03_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1t04_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1t04_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1t04_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1t04_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1t04_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1t04_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1t04_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1t2q_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1t2q_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1t2q_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1t2q_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1t2q_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1t2q_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1t2q_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1t3f_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1t3f_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1t3f_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1t3f_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1t3f_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1t3f_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1t3f_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1t4k_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1t4k_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1t4k_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1t4k_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1t4k_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1t4k_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1t4k_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1t66_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1t66_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1t66_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1t66_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1t66_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1t66_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb1t66_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1tet_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1tet_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1tet_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1tet_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1tet_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1tet_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1tet_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1tjg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1tjg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1tjg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1tjg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1tjg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1tjg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1tjg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1tjh_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1tjh_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1tjh_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1tjh_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1tjh_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1tjh_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1tjh_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1tji_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1tji_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1tji_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1tji_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1tji_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1tji_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1tji_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1txv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1txv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1txv_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1txv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1txv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1txv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1txv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ty3_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ty3_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ty3_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ty3_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ty3_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ty3_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ty3_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ty5_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ty5_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ty5_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ty5_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ty5_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ty5_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ty5_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ty6_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ty6_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ty6_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ty6_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ty6_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ty6_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ty6_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ty7_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ty7_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ty7_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ty7_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ty7_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ty7_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ty7_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1tzg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1tzg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1tzg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1tzg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1tzg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1tzg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1tzg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1tzh_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1tzh_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1tzh_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1tzh_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1tzh_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1tzh_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1tzh_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1tzi_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1tzi_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1tzi_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1tzi_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1tzi_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1tzi_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1tzi_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u0q_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u0q_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u0q_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u0q_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u0q_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u0q_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u0q_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u8h_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u8h_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u8h_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u8h_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u8h_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u8h_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u8h_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u8i_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u8i_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u8i_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u8i_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u8i_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u8i_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u8i_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u8j_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u8j_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u8j_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u8j_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u8j_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u8j_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u8j_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u8k_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u8k_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u8k_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u8k_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u8k_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u8k_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u8k_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u8l_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u8l_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u8l_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u8l_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u8l_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u8l_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u8l_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u8m_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u8m_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u8m_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u8m_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u8m_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u8m_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u8m_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u8n_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u8n_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u8n_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u8n_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u8n_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u8n_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u8n_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u8o_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u8o_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u8o_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u8o_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u8o_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u8o_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u8o_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u8p_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u8p_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u8p_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u8p_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u8p_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u8p_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u8p_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u8q_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u8q_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u8q_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u8q_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u8q_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u8q_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u8q_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u91_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u91_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u91_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u91_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u91_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u91_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u91_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u92_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u92_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u92_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u92_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u92_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u92_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u92_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u93_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u93_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u93_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u93_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u93_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u93_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u93_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1u95_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1u95_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1u95_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1u95_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1u95_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1u95_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1u95_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ua6_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ua6_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ua6_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ua6_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ua6_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ua6_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ua6_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1uac_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1uac_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1uac_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1uac_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1uac_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1uac_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1uac_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ub5_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ub5_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ub5_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ub5_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ub5_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ub5_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ub5_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ub6_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ub6_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ub6_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ub6_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ub6_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ub6_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ub6_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ucb_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ucb_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ucb_chothia.pdb L1 true
pdb1ucb_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ucb_chothia.pdb L3 true
pdb1ucb_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ucb_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1uj3_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1uj3_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1uj3_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1uj3_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1uj3_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1uj3_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1uj3_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1um4_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1um4_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1um4_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1um4_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1um4_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1um4_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1um4_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1um5_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1um5_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1um5_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1um5_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1um5_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1um5_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1um5_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1um6_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1um6_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1um6_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1um6_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1um6_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1um6_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1um6_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1uwe_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1uwe_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1uwe_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1uwe_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1uwe_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1uwe_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1uwe_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1uwg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1uwg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1uwg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1uwg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1uwg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1uwg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1uwg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1uwx_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1uwx_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1uwx_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1uwx_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1uwx_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1uwx_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1uwx_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1uyw_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1uyw_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1uyw_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1uyw_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1uyw_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1uyw_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1uyw_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1uz6_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1uz6_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1uz6_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1uz6_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1uz6_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1uz6_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1uz6_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1uz8_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1uz8_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1uz8_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1uz8_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1uz8_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1uz8_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1uz8_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1v7m_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1v7m_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1v7m_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1v7m_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1v7m_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1v7m_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1v7m_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1v7n_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1v7n_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1v7n_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1v7n_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1v7n_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1v7n_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1v7n_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1vfa_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1vfa_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1vfa_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1vfa_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1vfa_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1vfa_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1vfa_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1vfb_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1vfb_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1vfb_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1vfb_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1vfb_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1vfb_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1vfb_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1vge_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1vge_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1vge_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1vge_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1vge_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1vge_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1vge_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1w72_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1w72_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1w72_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1w72_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1w72_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1w72_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1w72_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1wej_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1wej_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1wej_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1wej_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1wej_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1wej_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1wej_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1wt5_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1wt5_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1wt5_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1wt5_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1wt5_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1wt5_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1wt5_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1wtl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1wtl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1wtl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1wtl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1wtl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1wtl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1wtl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1xcq_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1xcq_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1xcq_chothia.pdb L1 true
pdb1xcq_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1xcq_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1xcq_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1xcq_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1xct_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1xct_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1xct_chothia.pdb L1 true
pdb1xct_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1xct_chothia.pdb L3 true
pdb1xct_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1xct_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1xf2_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1xf2_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1xf2_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1xf2_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1xf2_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1xf2_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1xf2_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1xf3_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1xf3_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1xf3_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1xf3_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1xf3_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1xf3_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1xf3_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1xf4_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1xf4_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1xf4_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1xf4_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1xf4_chothia.pdb L3 true
pdb1xf4_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1xf4_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1xf5_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1xf5_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1xf5_chothia.pdb L1 true
pdb1xf5_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1xf5_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1xf5_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1xf5_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1y0l_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1y0l_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1y0l_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1y0l_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1y0l_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1y0l_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1y0l_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1y18_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1y18_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1y18_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1y18_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1y18_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1y18_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1y18_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yc7_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yc7_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yc7_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yc7_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yc7_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yc7_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yc7_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yec_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yec_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yec_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yec_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yec_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yec_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yec_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yed_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yed_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yed_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yed_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yed_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yed_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yed_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yee_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yee_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yee_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yee_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yee_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yee_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yee_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yef_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yef_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yef_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yef_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yef_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yef_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yef_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yeg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yeg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yeg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yeg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yeg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yeg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yeg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yeh_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yeh_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yeh_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yeh_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yeh_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yeh_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yeh_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yei_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yei_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yei_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yei_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yei_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yei_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yei_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yej_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yej_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yej_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yej_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yej_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yej_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yej_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yek_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yek_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yek_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yek_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yek_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yek_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yek_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yjd_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yjd_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yjd_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yjd_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yjd_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yjd_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yjd_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1ymh_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1ymh_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1ymh_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1ymh_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1ymh_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1ymh_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1ymh_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yqv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yqv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yqv_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yqv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yqv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yqv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yqv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yuh_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yuh_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yuh_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yuh_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yuh_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yuh_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yuh_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yy8_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yy8_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yy8_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yy8_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yy8_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yy8_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yy8_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yy9_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yy9_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yy9_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yy9_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yy9_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yy9_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yy9_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yyl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yyl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yyl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yyl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yyl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yyl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yyl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yym_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yym_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yym_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yym_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yym_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yym_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yym_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1yzz_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1yzz_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1yzz_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1yzz_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1yzz_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1yzz_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1yzz_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb1za3_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb1za3_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb1za3_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb1za3_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb1za3_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb1za3_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb1za3_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb25c8_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb25c8_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb25c8_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb25c8_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb25c8_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb25c8_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb25c8_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2a1w_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2a1w_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2a1w_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2a1w_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2a1w_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2a1w_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2a1w_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2a77_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2a77_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2a77_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2a77_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2a77_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2a77_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2a77_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2ap2_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2ap2_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2ap2_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2ap2_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2ap2_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2ap2_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2ap2_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2bfv_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2bfv_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2bfv_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2bfv_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2bfv_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2bfv_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2bfv_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2bob_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2bob_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2bob_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2bob_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2bob_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2bob_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2bob_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2boc_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2boc_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2boc_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2boc_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2boc_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2boc_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2boc_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2cgr_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2cgr_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2cgr_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2cgr_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2cgr_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2cgr_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2cgr_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2ck0_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2ck0_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2ck0_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2ck0_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2ck0_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2ck0_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2ck0_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2dbl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2dbl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2dbl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2dbl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2dbl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2dbl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2dbl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2dlf_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2dlf_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2dlf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2dlf_chothia.pdb L2 true
pdb2dlf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2dlf_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2dlf_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2f19_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2f19_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2f19_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2f19_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2f19_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2f19_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2f19_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2f58_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2f58_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2f58_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2f58_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2f58_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2f58_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2f58_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2f5a_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2f5a_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2f5a_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2f5a_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2f5a_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2f5a_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2f5a_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2f5b_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2f5b_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2f5b_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2f5b_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2f5b_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2f5b_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2f5b_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2fb4_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2fb4_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2fb4_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2fb4_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2fb4_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2fb4_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2fb4_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2fbj_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2fbj_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2fbj_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2fbj_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2fbj_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2fbj_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2fbj_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2fgw_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2fgw_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2fgw_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2fgw_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2fgw_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2fgw_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2fgw_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2gfb_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2gfb_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2gfb_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2gfb_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2gfb_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2gfb_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2gfb_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2h1p_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2h1p_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2h1p_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2h1p_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2h1p_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2h1p_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2h1p_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2hmi_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2hmi_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2hmi_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2hmi_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2hmi_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2hmi_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2hmi_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2hrp_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2hrp_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2hrp_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2hrp_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2hrp_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2hrp_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2hrp_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2iff_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2iff_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2iff_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2iff_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2iff_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2iff_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2iff_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2ig2_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2ig2_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2ig2_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2ig2_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2ig2_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2ig2_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2ig2_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2igf_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2igf_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2igf_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2igf_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2igf_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2igf_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2igf_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2imm_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2imm_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2imm_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2imm_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2imm_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2imm_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2imm_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2imn_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2imn_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2imn_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2imn_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2imn_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2imn_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2imn_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2jel_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2jel_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2jel_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2jel_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2jel_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2jel_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2jel_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2lve_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2lve_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2lve_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2lve_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2lve_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2lve_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2lve_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2mcg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2mcg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2mcg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2mcg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2mcg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2mcg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2mcg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2mcp_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2mcp_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2mcp_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2mcp_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2mcp_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2mcp_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2mcp_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2mpa_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2mpa_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2mpa_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2mpa_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2mpa_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2mpa_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2mpa_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2pcp_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2pcp_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2pcp_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2pcp_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2pcp_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2pcp_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2pcp_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2rcs_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2rcs_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2rcs_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2rcs_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2rcs_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2rcs_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2rcs_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2rhe_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2rhe_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2rhe_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2rhe_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2rhe_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb2rhe_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2rhe_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2vir_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2vir_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2vir_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2vir_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2vir_chothia.pdb L3 true
pdb2vir_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2vir_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2vis_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2vis_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2vis_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2vis_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2vis_chothia.pdb L3 true
pdb2vis_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2vis_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb2vit_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb2vit_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb2vit_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb2vit_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb2vit_chothia.pdb L3 true
pdb2vit_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb2vit_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb32c2_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb32c2_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb32c2_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb32c2_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb32c2_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb32c2_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb32c2_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb35c8_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb35c8_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb35c8_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb35c8_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb35c8_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb35c8_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb35c8_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb3bjl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb3bjl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb3bjl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb3bjl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb3bjl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb3bjl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb3bjl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb3ck0_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb3ck0_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb3ck0_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb3ck0_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb3ck0_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb3ck0_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb3ck0_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb3f58_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb3f58_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb3f58_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb3f58_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb3f58_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb3f58_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb3f58_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb3fct_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb3fct_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb3fct_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb3fct_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb3fct_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb3fct_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb3fct_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb3hfm_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb3hfm_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb3hfm_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb3hfm_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb3hfm_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb3hfm_chothia.pdb H1 true
pdb3hfm_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb3lve_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb3lve_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb3lve_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb3lve_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb3lve_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb3lve_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb3lve_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb3mcg_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb3mcg_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb3mcg_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb3mcg_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb3mcg_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb3mcg_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb3mcg_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb43c9_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb43c9_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb43c9_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb43c9_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb43c9_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb43c9_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb43c9_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb43ca_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb43ca_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb43ca_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb43ca_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb43ca_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb43ca_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb43ca_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb4bjl_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb4bjl_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb4bjl_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb4bjl_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb4bjl_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb4bjl_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb4bjl_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb4fab_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb4fab_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb4fab_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb4fab_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb4fab_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb4fab_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb4fab_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb4lve_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb4lve_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb4lve_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb4lve_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb4lve_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb4lve_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb4lve_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb5lve_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb5lve_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb5lve_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb5lve_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb5lve_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb5lve_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb5lve_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb6fab_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb6fab_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb6fab_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb6fab_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb6fab_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb6fab_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb6fab_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb8fab_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb8fab_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb8fab_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb8fab_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb8fab_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb8fab_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb8fab_chothia.pdb H2 false
pdb4w6w_chothia.pdb FRL false
pdb4w6w_chothia.pdb FRH false
pdb4w6w_chothia.pdb L1 false
pdb4w6w_chothia.pdb L2 false
pdb4w6w_chothia.pdb L3 false
pdb4w6w_chothia.pdb H1 false
pdb4w6w_chothia.pdb H2 true
